Date : december 24 


todolist : [
    make a note; 
]

Note : 
The story of the day; 
[
    So here's a funny things that I want to share with you and you may laugh you may feel it's so ridiculous so Today I was at the class And the teacher was saying to all of the student you guys must have to do a Computer note you guys have to make a computer note and I will check it on sunday Upcoming sunday, which is after five or four days But in that moment what I think I think I'm a you know quite Disciplined and quite talented in computer, and I have a great 92 out of 100 so in that time I think Do I need to make it and I also asked this sir Sir do I also need to make a computer note and sir tell me yes, of course you do Everybody has equal right to make the notes and I will take to the everyone and I will give the punishment to the everyone equally And I tell him sir I Want to make a digital note and I will send you through the github or the pdf one and I will make it As you instructed as you give the diagram to it and he said no You have to do it physically digitally it's not possible and I'm, not allowing you to do it digitally You are not the only one who are capable To do this Everyone is here capable of doing This but they are not doing this Right, so you also need to be like them you need to make a note physically And I was in shock Because everybody was in middle of the note Everybody has already bought the copy and they started to making it and some of the people had already finished the note and the time was So less but the note are so many of And again, I think okay, I think I didn't need to find someone to make the note of mine But when I see the copy And I feel like nah that person are not going and going to work for me because there's so many so many things That has to be written and again I was making quiet with my friend And I asked a question to this sir Do you mind if I ask you a question and he said to me what And I said I do not have money to buy the copy Everyone laughed at that time And he said Okay, it's all right You just need 50 or 100 rupees copy And I said I do not have money to buy it and he said okay you can go to the receptions with me And they will give you the money to buy the copy and that will be caught in your bill later While everyone is laughing that okay, you do not have what what a pity joke it and I also Say to him. I also do not have a money to buy the pen And again everyone laughed at that moment it was a really cringe moment for me And after some time she started teaching and I was making A quarrel with my friend. I was talking with my friend, you know a side talk while Teacher is teaching something And he noticed me he said hey guys I noticed someone who is making a really noise And that's you my boy, let's get up And move to the another bench and sit over there alone And that was me And I sit on that bench alone And I listened to that and I was thinking okay How am I going to make this I have such a short period time and the punishment is big Because the punishment was if you don't make a note then you are straightly going to the dean office Or to the principal office, it's not about This could be it's about my image if I didn't do that What would be my image if they told my parent then I know that's going to Make a really difficult for me So I asked Someone or many of friends Some of the peoples that have you make a note and he said or she said Nah, I'm still making it yet. Not And I said, okay, so we're not going to finish it just He or she said it's gonna take some time And I said, okay after finishing that note. Can you give me a copy? I have to give it to the someone and who will do it for me and that guy will do it for me Will do it for me and the other person think of it like okay So you actually don't have money to buy the copy and the another person is going to do a note For you You are not going to do a note with yourself, right? So the another person is going to make a note for yourself That was a hilarious moment Even I'm feeling So same that this person is actually joking Did he took my word so seriously that he's saying to me as he's saying to me that Do you really do not have money to buy the copy that another person is going to make a note for yourself And I said now i'm talking about your copy could you give me a rent Can I borrow your copy and she said I got it She was the first person who said to me like that and I was so embarrassed at that moment and again at the After the period after the teaching period I asked to the girl I approached to her and I said same tense Could you mind if you give me a copy to make a note? And I don't know why they took my word seriously. They'll be like, okay you Don't have money right to buy a copy seriously And I said now I mean you're not copy i'm going to make it right. So I need your copy to copy that And she laughed at me. Ah, okay And that's what this story is in and after it and after coming at home and I think okay I really need to make a note in the very expensive copy in a very Premium copy and make it so good From all of them from all of those fellow students who were laughing at me It wasn't about the ego. I just want to make it, you know, because i'm already in a It and idea person and computer tech person. So I also need to make it for myself for a personal so I Come back to the home and I go to the market and I tell the mom So, please go just go buy and buy the expensive copy and she brought the 400 rupees copy my all of the friends were doing a note at the 50 or 100 rupees copy, but i'm doing at 450 or around 500 rupees copy Making a note and it's so premium, you know Uh, it is it feel like a genre note. It is stitched And its cover is so bold and it looks so nice it's premium and the Quality of it is so good and the paper quality of it is just so fantastic and fucking awesome And i'm going to move Make a note on it and when I make a note on it I know people will our teacher will be get shocked. What the fuck? Haven't you said? That you do not have 100 or 50 rupees. So, how can you afford this copy and making this much good? for note That I haven't even seen in my entire life I know he will say something like this, but I have to be ready for it. But before He said that I have to make my note first right and for that I really need to make a unique note for not him for myself because I have to make a really good note well, I also need to make a class note, but I will cover that all of those class topic, but besides covering class topic. I also need to ask the questions and I need to Answer this question in that note There are many self-doubt that I have asked you right and I have to write that answers to this and there are many things And everything which is which is related about the technology Which is related about the programming stuff. I have to write down in the deep Meaning I have to make it for myself Whenever I just open it I have to be focused because in that moment. and for that i have to make it unique. How this sounds to you ? 
]
